I do not understand how you could draw
that without vomiting so your show is
called teenage kick yeah nothing to do
with the song
no I get lots of outlets ask me go noise
is going something to do with song no
just go no because that song came out 18
years before I was born
hahaha how old are you but is about
getting teenage kicks I believe it's
about the opposite ends of teenage life
because I don't like I like who I don't
sort of had the CD that it's oh you know
so much easier being a teenager oh you
know after taxes and crap to pay and
you're like well you know we're
teenagers we have to put up with you
morning about yes isn't worn every day
and you know it's it's a hard time being
a teenager I mean there's you're you
know young love our member young love is
so much fun
no it's not I remember my first love we
can go on a date because she got
grounded right her mum was willing to
break up true love because she hadn't
done the dishes what was that I was like
no charges yeah I can't be properly in
the stars you go back my childhood
either I can't go oh you know what
you're young like yesterday no just go
just stick to the wank jokester like
it's I've had lots of moms and dads
coming with her 13 year olds and over
yeah and it's really really fun because
the you know they're also and then the
road for a laugh and it's good because
normally if they go out for a calmly
they a teenager getting assaulted by the
comedian because but all her old are you
or you still at school and they'll get
and this one I could just talk to kids
me more okay and then I turn around on
the parents which is good you can see
the kids good hot look at you getting it
from once last year was my gap here cuz
I was I've been accepted at uni but
wasn't sure whether or what school cuz
comedy was going quite well and so this
year I've actually officially rejected
uni really yeah he rejected Dundee
because I applied to law I applied to
aid him raw history history yeah I
applied and Bradley laughed in my face I
applied to San Andres and they laughed
in my face I applied to Dundee and they
said yes but I laughed in their face
okay being gone was better than being in
Dundee no offence if you go there don't
know how you got the internet saying
that Dundee was the one I really
actually wanted to go to because almost
my you went to done the University all
my mates were there
I've done a student gig there which is
horrific cuz no because I love student
cakes cuz they're my age and they get me
and it's good fun but Dundee was just it
was all my mates sitting in the front
row cuz damn bastards and they've I've
got one joke which is my like pas de la
resistance wherever and they've all seen
it before an internet like a million
times on my side and I started doing
that joke and the wrists aid it word for
word it was like being at T in the Park
are you just cool you know this world it
was ha like slightly less formal nature
of stand-up tennis players yeah exactly
have a pre gig ritual it's not like I'm
backstage for a piece in Moreira it's
just walk on stage bounce rent talk
about what I like and yeah it takes to
go down quite there's no point being I
mean that's all that's what all my
reviews say confident very confident I'm
like astonishingly confident create
scale early confidence like safe funny I
can't put a gun on a poster poster go in
confident or quite far too seen that
arrogant little prick no cuz being young
that's the first thing people see when I
walk on stage was to go here we go
little kid trying to sonically and it's
a lot harder in the first two three
minutes because I is one-liners
one-liners one-liners it's look here I
am look I am funny please believe me
look there you go a major laugh oh no
relax so the weird thing is
even after made the audience laugh a few
times they still have the laughing but
they still have that bewilderment in
their eyes good and that you're
definitely a child
you bought some comics sorry yeah well
off you gone for
it's been I've got the Walking Dead this
is number 10 this is the one that's just
come right so really good as about it's
essentially each standard with zombies
and properly gruesome like one of the
points you're saying they're going I do
not understand how you could draw that
without vomiting Batman a death and
family if not ready yet apparently it's
I'm just robbed and dies by the looks of
things don't wanna ruin it for you yeah
the boys which is a brilliant brilliant
brilliant comic book which is got
character which is based on him then
from it's kind of like simon simon pegg
year simon pegg does the foreword for it
you really are a proper teenager this
isn't part of the Act this is not part
of the persona is it this is you
genuinely love comment I do